exercise/1.1-task-1.md, before:

# Task 1 [10-20 mins]

- **Participant A:** Driver
- **Participant B:** Navigator

1. Participant A, set up a virtual environment inside this repo.

   ```bash
   # make sure your pip is up-to-date
   python3 -m pip install -U pip
   # install the virtualenv package
   python3 -m pip install virtualenv
   # create a virtual environment in this directory called '.venv'
   python3 -m venv .venv
   ```

2. VS Code will ask if you want to use this environment for the workspace,
   select "yes".

3. Activate the environment and install the requirements.

   ```bash
   # activate the virtual environment
   source .venv/bin/activate
   # install the requirements for this project
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Take a look at `main.py`. Run the file and see what the output looks like.
5. When executed, this program queries an open exchange rate API with a given
   currency base; calculates the relative difference in percentage between the
   base currency and all the paired currencies; and finally prints the currency
   that it is strongest and weakest against.
6. Review `main.py` from the top down. Participant A will be driving (typing);
   Participant B will follow along and review each line of code in real time as
   you update this script, highlighting anything you've missed and making
   recommendations along the way. Both of you will have an active cursor for
   inputting code and highlighting exactly what you are referring to. Update the
   file to have a better coverage of things like exception handling, docstrings,
   comments, type hints, improved code readability, etc.

Once you are done with the exercise, you can proceed to [Task 2](1.2-task-2.md).

Commit message:

docs: add a note for windows

exercise/1.1-task-1.md, after:

# Task 1 [10-20 mins]

- **Participant A:** Driver
- **Participant B:** Navigator

1. Participant A, set up a virtual environment inside this repo.

   ```bash
   # make sure your pip is up-to-date
   python3 -m pip install -U pip
   # install the virtualenv package
   python3 -m pip install virtualenv
   # create a virtual environment in this directory called '.venv'
   python3 -m venv .venv
   ```

2. VS Code will ask if you want to use this environment for the workspace,
   select "yes".

3. Activate the environment and install the requirements.

   ```bash
   # activate the virtual environment
   # NOTE: On Windows you may need to do `source .venv/Scripts/activate` - check your .venv folder if you encounter an error
   source .venv/bin/activate 
   # install the requirements for this project
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Take a look at `main.py`. Run the file and see what the output looks like.
5. When executed, this program queries an open exchange rate API with a given
   currency base; calculates the relative difference in percentage between the
   base currency and all the paired currencies; and finally prints the currency
   that it is strongest and weakest against.
6. Review `main.py` from the top down. Participant A will be driving (typing);
   Participant B will follow along and review each line of code in real time as
   you update this script, highlighting anything you've missed and making
   recommendations along the way. Both of you will have an active cursor for
   inputting code and highlighting exactly what you are referring to. Update the
   file to have a better coverage of things like exception handling, docstrings,
   comments, type hints, improved code readability, etc.

Once you are done with the exercise, you can proceed to [Task 2](1.2-task-2.md).
