# Task 2 [10-20 mins]

- **Participant A:** Navigator
- **Participant B:** Driver

1. Switching roles (Participant B is in the driver's seat now), now take a look
   at `test_main.py`. Currently there are only tests for `get_exchange_rates()`.
2. In a terminal window within VS Code, run `pytest --cov-report term-missing --cov=main test_main.py` to see how much of the code is touched by this test.
3. Participant A will need to give you permission to execute code in their
   terminal by accepting the incoming message. Participant A can also go to
   "Shared Terminals" under Session Details in the Live Share pane and
   right-clicking to make it read-write.
4. Check that the existing tests run either by clicking the Testing icon in the
   side menu and clicking the play button or executing `pytest` in the terminal.
   Note: currently it seems the Testing menu integration only works for the host
   of the Live Share session. The terminal method should definitely work for
   both the host and guests.
5. The purpose of this task is to write some tests for
   `convert_rate_to_percentage_difference()`. Use the existing tests as an
   example. Decide between the two of you what you would like to test. Write at
   least two tests. Participant B will now be typing with Participant A
   reviewing and providing help along the way.
6. Once your new tests run successfully, check how much you've improved the code
   coverage.
7. Optional [Advanced]: Adapt the tests to use `from unittest.mock import Mock, patch` to avoid
   calling the API in these tests.

Congratulations! Your first pair programming session is complete. Getting
comfortable with pair programming can take some time at first, but it is worth
it in the long run as it allows for increased productivity, knowledge sharing,
and real-time problem solving. Getting practice at being both the driver and
the navigator will ultimately make you a better programmer. There's also no
"right" way to do it either - the real benefit will come from making it a habit
as a team.
